Add optional dependencies section to installation instructions (#2251)
vispy/vispy: doc/installation.rst

   You only need to have one of these packages, no need to install them all!

Optional dependencies
=====================

> VisPy uses Pillow (imported as PIL) to load example image data or as a utility to read image files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
VisPy has various optional dependencies to support features that may not be relevant for all users. The below is a list of dependencies that you may want to install to use the functionality mentioned.

* **pillow**: Pillow (imported as PIL) is used to read image files. Some VisPy examples will use Pillow to load the image data that will then be shown by VisPy.
```
